c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Galaga.exe
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Galaga.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\obj\Debug\Galaga.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\obj\Debug\Galaga.exe
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\obj\Debug\Galaga.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\galaga.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\panel.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\button.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Fonts\juib.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\light_switch.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\inverted_panel.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\none.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\ship.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\bullet.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\enemy.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\enemy2.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sounds\hit2.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sounds\lazer2.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sounds\explode3.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\explosion-8.xnb
C:\Users\Jeff\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Galaga\Galaga\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Textures\lazer2.xnb
